.\" Manpage for mlen
.\" Contact:  hendrie.james@gmail.com
.TH man 1 "November 2018" "mlen version 0.98" "mlen manual page"
.SH NAME
mlen \- A bash script that tallies media runtime

.SH SYNPOSIS
mlen FILE[s] or DIRECTORY

.SH DESCRIPTION
mlen is a bash script that uses ffprobe to determined the total
playtime of a given number of media files.

.SH OPTIONS
-h or --help
    Print help and exit

-V or --version
    Print version and author information

-v
    Verbose output

-s
    Print totals as seconds, with milliseconds

-S
    Print totals as seconds, without milliseconds

-n
    Print total number of files tallied (default)

-N
    Do NOT print number of files tallied


.SH EXAMPLES
mlen song.mp3
    Prints out the runtime of the song

mlen song1.wav song2.wav
    Prints total runtime of both the given songs

mlen *.mp3
    Prints out total runtime of all mp3s in the present working directory

mlen PLAYLIST.m3u
    Reads the playlist and prints the total runtime of the files on it,
    assuming they can be found

mlen /home/whatever/media
    Prints the total runtime of all media files in the above directory,
    recursively

.SH SUPPORTED EXTENSIONS
Audio
  mp3 ogg oga m4a wav wma 

Video
  mp4 avi webm mpg flv wmv 

Playlist
  m3u pls 


.SH RESTRICTIONS
It's not the fastest script on the block, so if you're working through a ton of
files, be prepared to wait a bit.  It also requires that filenames contain the
common extensions (mp3, mp4, etc.) to work.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 James Hendrie, licensed under the zlib License.  See
LICENSE.txt for details.  This is free, open-source software.  You are free to
modify and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by
law.

.SH AUTHORS
Written by James Hendrie (hendrie.james@gmail.com).
